README.md, before:

# resque\_mailer\_with\_retries

In your Gemfile:

    gem "resque_mailer_with_retries",
      github: "barsoom/resque_mailer_with_retries",
      require: "resque_mailer"


# ResqueMailer

A gem plugin which allows messages prepared by ActionMailer to be delivered
asynchronously. Assumes you're using Resque (http://github.com/defunkt/resque)
for your background jobs.

Note that recent (2.0+) versions of Resque::Mailer only work with Rails 3.x.
For a version compatible with Rails 2, specify v1.x in your Gemfile.

## Usage

Include Resque::Mailer in your ActionMailer subclass(es) like this:

    class MyMailer < ActionMailer::Base
      include Resque::Mailer
    end

Now, when <tt>MyMailer.subject_email(params).deliver</tt> is called, an entry
will be created in the job queue. Your Resque workers will be able to deliver
this message for you. The queue we're using is imaginatively named +mailer+,
so just make sure your workers know about it and are loading your environment:

    QUEUE=mailer rake environment resque:work

Note that you can still have mail delivered synchronously by using the bang
method variant:

    MyMailer.subject_email(params).deliver!

Oh, by the way. Don't forget that your async mailer jobs will be processed by
a separate worker. This means that you should resist the temptation to pass
database-backed objects as parameters in your mailer and instead pass record
identifiers. Then, in your delivery method, you can look up the record from
the id and use it as needed.

If you want to set a different default queue name for your mailer, you can 
change the <tt>default_queue_name</tt> property like so:

    # config/initializers/resque_mailer.rb
    Resque::Mailer.default_queue_name = 'application_specific_mailer'

This is useful when you are running more than one application using
resque_mailer in a shared environment. You will need to use the new queue
name when starting your workers.

    QUEUE=application_specific_mailer rake environment resque:work

## Resque::Mailer as a Project Default

If you have a variety of mailers in your application and want all of them to use
Resque::Mailer by default, you can subclass ActionMailer::Base and have your
other mailers inherit from an AsyncMailer:

    # config/initializers/resque_mailer.rb
    class AsyncMailer < ActionMailer::Base
      include Resque::Mailer
    end

    # app/mailers/example_mailer.rb
    class ExampleMailer < AsyncMailer
      def say_hello(user)
        # ...
      end
    end

## Installation

Install it as a plugin or as a gem plugin from Gemcutter:

    gem install resque_mailer
    script/plugin install git://github.com/zapnap/resque_mailer.git

    # Rails 3: add it to your Gemfile
    gem 'resque_mailer'

## Testing

You don't want to be sending actual emails in the test environment, so you can
configure the environments that should be excluded like so:

    # config/initializers/resque_mailer.rb
    Resque::Mailer.excluded_environments = [:test, :cucumber]

## Note on Patches / Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

## Credits

This work was originally inspired by delayed_job_mailer
(http://github.com/andersondias/delayed_job_mailer) by Anderson Dias. Enhanced
and modified to work with Resque by Nick Plante.

Commit message:

Add support for custom errors on a per-mailer basis.

README.md, after:

# resque\_mailer\_with\_retries

In your Gemfile:

    gem "resque_mailer_with_retries",
      github: "barsoom/resque_mailer_with_retries",
      require: "resque_mailer"


# ResqueMailer

A gem plugin which allows messages prepared by ActionMailer to be delivered
asynchronously. Assumes you're using Resque (http://github.com/defunkt/resque)
for your background jobs.

Note that recent (2.0+) versions of Resque::Mailer only work with Rails 3.x.
For a version compatible with Rails 2, specify v1.x in your Gemfile.

## Usage

Include Resque::Mailer in your ActionMailer subclass(es) like this:

    class MyMailer < ActionMailer::Base
      include Resque::Mailer
    end

Now, when <tt>MyMailer.subject_email(params).deliver</tt> is called, an entry
will be created in the job queue. Your Resque workers will be able to deliver
this message for you. The queue we're using is imaginatively named +mailer+,
so just make sure your workers know about it and are loading your environment:

    QUEUE=mailer rake environment resque:work

Note that you can still have mail delivered synchronously by using the bang
method variant:

    MyMailer.subject_email(params).deliver!

Oh, by the way. Don't forget that your async mailer jobs will be processed by
a separate worker. This means that you should resist the temptation to pass
database-backed objects as parameters in your mailer and instead pass record
identifiers. Then, in your delivery method, you can look up the record from
the id and use it as needed.

If you want to set a different default queue name for your mailer, you can
change the <tt>default_queue_name</tt> property like so:

    # config/initializers/resque_mailer.rb
    Resque::Mailer.default_queue_name = 'application_specific_mailer'

This is useful when you are running more than one application using
resque_mailer in a shared environment. You will need to use the new queue
name when starting your workers.

    QUEUE=application_specific_mailer rake environment resque:work

## Custom errors

By default this plugin rescues some common errors (like Timeouts) that are
safe to retry. You can specify custom errors on a per-mailer basis:

    class MyMailer < ActionMailer::Base
      include Resque::Mailer
      additional_errors_to_retry [ ActiveRecord::RecordNotFound ]
    end

## Resque::Mailer as a Project Default

If you have a variety of mailers in your application and want all of them to use
Resque::Mailer by default, you can subclass ActionMailer::Base and have your
other mailers inherit from an AsyncMailer:

    # config/initializers/resque_mailer.rb
    class AsyncMailer < ActionMailer::Base
      include Resque::Mailer
    end

    # app/mailers/example_mailer.rb
    class ExampleMailer < AsyncMailer
      def say_hello(user)
        # ...
      end
    end

## Installation

Install it as a plugin or as a gem plugin from Gemcutter:

    gem install resque_mailer
    script/plugin install git://github.com/zapnap/resque_mailer.git

    # Rails 3: add it to your Gemfile
    gem 'resque_mailer'

## Testing

You don't want to be sending actual emails in the test environment, so you can
configure the environments that should be excluded like so:

    # config/initializers/resque_mailer.rb
    Resque::Mailer.excluded_environments = [:test, :cucumber]

## Note on Patches / Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

## Credits

This work was originally inspired by delayed_job_mailer
(http://github.com/andersondias/delayed_job_mailer) by Anderson Dias. Enhanced
and modified to work with Resque by Nick Plante.
